You guys will come back to the course.
In this case study we're going to look at another brick and mortar business specifically a restaurant
start up and we're going to look at modeling out a single restaurant location in a lot of detail for
a smoked pepper Mexican fast food restaurant.
They're going to serve burrito in taco salads.
But anyways if you're new to the restaurant business and industry itself there's three broad categories
for restaurants classifications.
At least we have the quick service.
These are like the fast food chains the McDonald's the Burger King the in and out.
And then we have the fast casual tier.
So these are sort of still fast but it's a little bit Price year.
The menus a little bit more elevated at least in terms of ingredients a little bit more costly.
So it's not your winter schnitzels it's more of your Panda Express it's more of your pay ways or your
P.F. Chang's.
Then the third category is the full service sit down restaurants.
These are like your steakhouses.
These are the ones where you have somebody taking you to your table and then taking your orders and
bringing you water bring you bread.
Basically full service from the beginning to the end.
This case study that restaurant we're going to do is going to be in the fast casual segment.
What are we going to look at in this case.
Well even though we're just going to look at the first location of a restaurant if you're doing restaurant
start up you got to start one.
There's a lot of things that you can model out and you can project and help you figure out what your
startup sonar is going to be like for this rush from things like your startup expenses and start up
costs but really factoring the ramp up period during the grand opening the restaurant don't achieve
their stabilizer for revenue rate until a certain time in the future.
And you are also going to have to think about your menu mix your pricing your day parts.
When are you going to be opening or are you going to be doing breakfast lunch and dinner or are just
two of the deep parts and looking at things like Libor deployment how many associates you deployed during
certain parts of the day is going to determine how much your labor costs are going to be.
So when we get all of those things in the context of opening and starting up a restaurant business let's
go.